the un's human rights Chief says he's
horrified by the destruction of two of
gaza's main hospitals amid reports of
mass Graves being found at the sides
Palestinian officials say they've
exhumed the bodies of almost 300 people
at Nasa and alifa hospitals the Israel
Defense Forces described as baseless and
unfounded reports that they buried
bodies and said existing Graves had been
opened while searching for the remains
of hostages and special correspondent
fergal Kean reports and a warning some
viewers might find images in his report
distressing bombed into
Brokenness Han yunas today from
above and down among the ruins a mother
and sister search for a missing
son Nabil zidan age 23 was killed in
January
[Music]
his mother re and sister ma have been
searching for nabil's body ever
since for two weeks since Israeli forces
left here they've come to the Nasser
Hospital even if he's a dead body I want
my son just bring me my son my heart has
been broken for the past 3 months since
I lost
him this is a place where nobody comes
in Hope of finding the
living only if they're lucky the dead
and an end to searching whose trauma is
difficult to
comprehend I saw bodies that had signs
of torture they were executed some had
their hands and legs tied together and
were executed how long will this
continue the graves are now at the
center of conflicting claims between
Hamas and local Aid workers on one side
and the Israel Defense Forces on the
other Hamas claims some of the Dead were
executed the Israelis describ these
allegations as baseless saying they'd
opened existing Graves to check for dead
Israeli
hostages the examination was car carried
out
respectfully while maintaining the
Dignity of the deceased bodies were
examined and which did not belong to uh
Israeli hostages and they were returned
to their
place colleagues at BBC verify have
confirmed the existence of graves at the
hospitals before Israel began its
operations in both
complexes buried like this because staff
couldn't reach cemeteries due to
fighting in the
area today a senior un official told me
there had to be an independent
investigation to establish the facts
what we cannot allow in this current
situation where we have seen in Gaza
numerous grave human rights violations
many of them potentially war crimes and
where we have raised alarm of potential
atrocity crimes that this becomes
another blip the intensity of violations
have been
massive it is early afternoon at Al
Naser hospital and re has been directed
to this section of the graveyard Nabil
might be
here
na I swear it's him it's his
[Applause]
jacket my son my son I found him she
says
my life my heart my
son to Rejoice that your dead child has
been lifted from an anonymous grave that
is a measure of the agony engulfing Gaza
frle BBC News Jerusalem